RUMM-3406: Prepare release 2.0.0-beta1 (#1532)
DataDog/dd-sdk-android: CHANGELOG.md

# 2.0.0-beta1 / 2023-07-07

> This is the first release of SDK v2. It contains breaking changes related to the SDK setup and APIs, please check [migration guide](https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-android/blob/8c998bdf53239b2621518ea1225c9987eb4db85d/MIGRATION.MD) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the first release of SDK v2. It contains breaking changes related to the SDK setup and APIs. See the [migration guide](https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-android/blob/8c998bdf53239b2621518ea1225c9987eb4db85d/MIGRATION.MD) for details.
```
